Add docs for using mocks in TypeScript (#10415)
facebook/jest: docs/MockFunctionAPI.md

  await asyncMock(); // throws "Async error"
});
```

## TypeScript

Jest itself is written in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org).

If you are using [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev) then the [TypeScript template](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/) has everything you need to start writing tests in TypeScript.

> Otherwise, please see our [Getting Started](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started#using-typescript) guide for to get setup with TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, please see our [Getting Started](GettingStarted.md#using-typescript) guide for to get setup with TypeScript.
```

or something like that - same comment applies to the other links
